It's a good resource is to look at while starting out. Remember the chief
of Naval operations? See, you know, has his recommended reading
list. Secretary of Defense. I have not seen his reading list lately.
Is the Secretary of Defense's acting at this point? But he will come
out with his reading list. And most of the admirals and generals.
Probably the war. You know, we'll have a reading this. Okay, I read
that. Okay. Uh, General Patton War to General Patton. What he wanted
to West Point Had he survived a war to be sent back there. Leave West
Point General one everyone to study history, history. History was
not interested in engineering. That's that's very fascinating to hear
from General Patton because he is the one that learned on his own
how to move a tank. And that was a technological innovation from one
World War two blood screen. Everything else was built around the tech.
He learned the tank, and yet he professes history. Read your history,
learn the art of warfare because with every new technological
innovation, you still have to have men and women behind that innovation
to implement a strategy to implement the art of warfare That has
a change. So study warfare, study your tactics, study your procedures.
Weren't those